A good friend asked me what "Post Modernism" is.
He said, "I know what physics is like I know what a black hole is, there must be something which attracts this word".

1. Post-modernism is a period which hasn't let go of "modernism".

Post Modernism came about due to print media and travel becoming cheap enough that the provincial narratives of "modern" understanding have been questioned - but not transcended.

Modern is what those people called themselves - we are not that.

2. "_ is not the new 0"

"/s" as used in - "I am completely uncritical of 'capitalism' because - it works for me... /s" - is supplication to Poe's Law -which is post modern.

We see the limitations with representations of subjective experience, and so everything is meta. Like Turtles and Elephants.
Damned if I'm going to trust in the "authority" of post-positivism... (notice the "" and lack of "/s"? I did. What does that mean?)

Poe's "Law" is "law" in the historical sense as "a contingently accepted formalization of understanding". "That which has been layed down (by authority)."
It is a consequence of the language we use - the muddled universalism of the materialist understanding we've inherited...

As in "Newton's Law" which was proof that "god's law" and "physics" were intertwined and we could understand "god" with formal logic in the way that we can understand physics?

"It" is not using the logic of Plato -> Aristotle -> Aquinas -> Descartes-> Newton -> Hume or Hagel -> Smith or Marx -->> But, not doing what the "positivists" are doing either...

It is an invitation - and a warning.

"Post Modernism" is something which was born to die - and for nothing else but to live a reconciliation of bad ideas inherited by others - and write about it...

A cry into the dark
ironically aware of it's own foibles.

Often depressed that knowledge is not power - knowing that knowledge is power... and, frustrated because reliable knowledge is contingent and unrelated to the common discourse and popular narratives.

Confused and questioning. 
Conquered and rebellious.

Why are you saying that?
How can I not be myself?
What does it mean to "Know Thyself"?
I'm Hungry.
What does it mean to "mean something"?
Should I just kill myself and subtract one more laborer from the wealth of the capitalist class?

You're hungry too?
Why don't we just go out and eat?
